README.md, before:

# What to do to use this configuration

## Install packages

(The syntax for the flavors of some of these packages might be wrong.)

    $ doas pkg_add autoconf-2.69p3 automake-1.15.1 emacs-gtk3 firefox \
	fvwm2 git gnupg ispell mutt-gpgme-sasl poppler-21.12.0 \
	poppler-utils-21.12.0 urlview xclip xwallpaper

The packages with versions I'm not totally sure if they need versions,
but if pkg_add asks, choose the one given. The flavors for mutt and
emacs are necessary.

## Getting the configs

    git clone --bare https://github.com/ccwaddey/dots.git $HOME/.dots
    alias dg='`which git` --git-dir=$HOME/.dots/ --work-tree=$HOME'
    dg checkout

Note that the typical `/etc/skel` dotfiles include `.profile` and
`.Xdefaults`, which you'll need to either delete or backup if you want
this to go smoothly.

## After getting the configs

The following files will need to be tweaked depending on your
screen resolution (and maybe other stuff):

### .Xdefaults

These lines I had to add to make xterm work with my keyboard config:

	Shift <Key>KP_Add: insert() \n\
    Shift <Key>KP_Subtract: insert() \n\

This line will need to be adjusted to center the suspend message (note
that the message window is 233x52 on my display):

    xmessage*geometry:      +554+258

### .eksh

You might want to change `CVSROOT` and `PKG_PATH` to closer
mirrors. You'll also want to create a `.priv` directory and add a
`.alias` file to it for any private aliases.

### .emacs

The first time you open up emacs, `pdf-tools` will try to install. This
wasn't too hard for me to figure out, but your mileage may
vary. Installing all the packages listed at the beginning of this
README will help. You'll then have to restart emacs to use `pdf-tools`.

The emacs packages that I have installed currently are `gh-md`,
`markdown-mode`, `multiple-cursors`, `pdf-tools`, `rust-mode`, and
`smex`. I believe these will be pulled in by the file.

Depending on the resolution of your display, you'll have to adjust the
`:height 200` part of custom-set-faces.

Add a `.emacs.el` file to your `.priv` directory.

### .fvwm/FvwmScript-mydatetime

Depending on the resolution of your display, you'll have to adjust the
lines beginning with WindowSize at the top, as well as the Position
and Size lines in both Widget sections. These need to be coordinated
with .fvwm/config as well. It's not hard, just play around with it
until stuff looks centered and pretty. Adjust the Font size stuff too
if needed.

### .fvwm/config

This assumes your terminal is xterm. You need xwallpaper installed to
set the wallpaper. Comment out the `xkbcomp` line if you don't want to
use my keyboard layout (which most people won't want).

There are certain shell scripts that get put in `~/bin` that this config
needs to run. They are `tmuxattachornew` and `mysuspend`.

You'll have to adjust the font sizes depending on your
resolution. Just search for font and adjust to your liking. This is
set up for a 1360x768.

Adjust the RightPanel module configuration for your resolution, along
with FvwmScript-mydatetime.

Also run `doas rcctl enable apmd` to have the auto suspend from
mysuspend enabled.

### .gitconfig

Add a `.gitconfig` file to your `.priv` directory.

### .muttrc

This file will be harmless if you don't download mutt, but be prepared
to do some configuring if you do, specifically adding a .muttrc file
to your .priv directory. The packages gnupg, mutt, and urlview are for
this config.

### .profile

Basically the same advice as for .eksh. Add a `.alias` file to your
`.priv` directory and adjust `PKG_PATH` and `CVSROOT` to your liking.

### .tmux.conf

You need to have xclip installed to get copy/paste working right.

### .urlview

This requires urlview.sh in bin. You should also run 

    mkdir .linksurlview

### .xkb/*

You don't need to worry about anything in here unless you're changing
you're keyboard layout. Just comment out one line in .fvwm.

### bin/*

Compile testhash.c with

    cc -Wall testhash.c -o testhash

You don't need to do this unless you want to see what password hashes
look like.

### .xenodm/*

If you just want .xenodm to kinda look like fvwm when you log in, just
cd into this directory and run `make && doas make install`.

If you want the fancy underline cursor instead of the default, then
download xenocara.tar.gz (to your home directory in this example);
make sure you have added yourself to the wsrc group with

    doas user mod -G wsrc $(whoami)

and then logged out and logged back in; and run 

    doas mkdir /usr/xenocara
	chgrp wsrc /usr/xenocara
	chmod 775 /usr/xenocara
	cd /usr/xenocara
	tar xzf ~/xenocara.tar.gz
	cvs up

Then `cd ~/.xenodm` and run `make patch` and `make mymake`. After
updating the system you can simply run `make mymake`.

Commit message:

Adjusted .emacs and README.md.
Adjusted README.md to be clearer about package install. Adjusted .emacs to
configure packages at the end so that it is usable before the required packages
are installed.

README.md, after:

# What to do to use this configuration

## Install packages

    doas pkg_add autoconf automake emacs firefox \
		fvwm2 git gnupg ispell mutt poppler \
		poppler-utils urlview xclip xwallpaper

pkg_add will ask you some questions about flavors/versions. When it
does, answer with the following:

- autoconf: 2.69p3 (or whatever is closest, the patch might be higher)
- automake: 1.15.1 (or whatever is closest, there may be a patch)
- emacs: use the gtk3 flavor (maybe it will be gtk4 or higher at some
  point)
- firefox: I don't recommend the ESR versions; use whatever language
  you want
- mutt: use the gpgme-sasl version
- poppler: 21.12.0 (or higher if no options)
- poppler-utils: 21.12.0 (or higher if no options)

## Getting the configs

Run the following in a terminal:

    git clone --bare https://github.com/ccwaddey/dots.git $HOME/.dots
    alias dg='`which git` --git-dir=$HOME/.dots/ --work-tree=$HOME'
    dg checkout

Note that the typical `/etc/skel` dotfiles include `.profile` and
`.Xdefaults`, which you'll need to either delete or backup if you want
this to go smoothly.

## After getting the configs

The following files will need to be tweaked depending on your
screen resolution (and maybe other stuff):

### .Xdefaults

These lines I had to add to make xterm work with my keyboard config:

	Shift <Key>KP_Add: insert() \n\
    Shift <Key>KP_Subtract: insert() \n\

This line will need to be adjusted to center the suspend message (note
that the message window is 233x52 on my display):

    xmessage*geometry:      +554+258

### .eksh

You might want to change `CVSROOT` and `PKG_PATH` to closer
mirrors. You'll also want to create a `.priv` directory and add a
`.alias` file to it for any private aliases.

### .emacs

The first time you open up emacs, `pdf-tools` will try to install. This
wasn't too hard for me to figure out, but your mileage may
vary. Installing all the packages listed at the beginning of this
README will help. You'll then have to restart emacs to use `pdf-tools`.

The emacs packages that I have installed currently are `gh-md`,
`markdown-mode`, `multiple-cursors`, `pdf-tools`, `rust-mode`, and
`smex`. I believe these will be pulled in by the file.

Depending on the resolution of your display, you'll have to adjust the
`:height 200` part of custom-set-faces.

Add a `.emacs.el` file to your `.priv` directory.

### .fvwm/FvwmScript-mydatetime

Depending on the resolution of your display, you'll have to adjust the
lines beginning with WindowSize at the top, as well as the Position
and Size lines in both Widget sections. These need to be coordinated
with .fvwm/config as well. It's not hard, just play around with it
until stuff looks centered and pretty. Adjust the Font size stuff too
if needed.

### .fvwm/config

This assumes your terminal is xterm. You need xwallpaper installed to
set the wallpaper. Comment out the `xkbcomp` line if you don't want to
use my keyboard layout (which most people won't want).

There are certain shell scripts that get put in `~/bin` that this config
needs to run. They are `tmuxattachornew` and `mysuspend`.

You'll have to adjust the font sizes depending on your
resolution. Just search for font and adjust to your liking. This is
set up for a 1360x768.

Adjust the RightPanel module configuration for your resolution, along
with FvwmScript-mydatetime.

Also run `doas rcctl enable apmd` to have the auto suspend from
mysuspend enabled.

### .gitconfig

Add a `.gitconfig` file to your `.priv` directory.

### .muttrc

This file will be harmless if you don't download mutt, but be prepared
to do some configuring if you do, specifically adding a .muttrc file
to your .priv directory. The packages gnupg, mutt, and urlview are for
this config.

### .profile

Basically the same advice as for .eksh. Add a `.alias` file to your
`.priv` directory and adjust `PKG_PATH` and `CVSROOT` to your liking.

### .tmux.conf

You need to have xclip installed to get copy/paste working right.

### .urlview

This requires urlview.sh in bin. You should also run 

    mkdir .linksurlview

### .xkb/*

You don't need to worry about anything in here unless you're changing
you're keyboard layout. Just comment out one line in .fvwm.

### bin/*

Compile testhash.c with

    cc -Wall testhash.c -o testhash

You don't need to do this unless you want to see what password hashes
look like.

### .xenodm/*

If you just want .xenodm to kinda look like fvwm when you log in, just
cd into this directory and run `make && doas make install`.

If you want the fancy underline cursor instead of the default, then
download xenocara.tar.gz (to your home directory in this example);
make sure you have added yourself to the wsrc group with

    doas user mod -G wsrc $(whoami)

and then logged out and logged back in; and run 

    doas mkdir /usr/xenocara
	chgrp wsrc /usr/xenocara
	chmod 775 /usr/xenocara
	cd /usr/xenocara
	tar xzf ~/xenocara.tar.gz
	cvs up

Then `cd ~/.xenodm` and run `make patch` and `make mymake`. After
updating the system you can simply run `make mymake`.
